---
title: Terms of service
right_image:
  path: images/tug.jpg
  alt:
---

# Terms of service

## Meet and greets

A meet and greet is required before confiming any bookings. It is not a
guarantee of continued service and is solely for the purpose of establishing for
both parties whether SuperNova Pet Care is suitable for the requested services.

All animals that I might come into contact with during the delivery of any
services, regardless of whether or not they are the subject of those services,
must be present at the meet and greet.

## Questionnaires

Before spending any time alone with your pets, I will share a questionnaire for
you to complete. This asks about the pets as well as your home and other
information relavant to the type of booking. This must be completed within 72
hours of me sending it to you and bookings cannot commence until and unless I
have received a completed questionnaire from you.

When completing the questionnaire, it’s important that you don’t leave anything
out. At the end of the questionnaire, you’ll be asked to confirm the information
you’ve given. You will be asked to agree to the following conditions:

1. I confirm that the information I’ve provided is accurate, complete, and
   up-to-date to the best of my knowledge.
2. I agree that SuperNova Pet Care and its representatives are not liable for
   any accidents, incidents, or illness that occur due to a failure to disclose
   relevant information.

## Quotes, deposits, and payments

### Quotes

SuperNova Pet Care reserves the right to make changes to any quotes that have
not yet been guaranteed by the payment of a deposit or partial payment of
services.

Prices are quoted as covering the requirements known at the time and are subject
to change if those requirements change.

### Deposits and cancellations

All overnight pet sittings require a deposit. Unless and until a deposit has
been received, your requested dates cannot be guaranteed.

For overnight pet sitting bookings up to and including 7 days in length, I
require 3 days notice of any cancellation. I require 7 days notice for bookings
longer than 7 days. Failure to give the required notice of cancellation will
result in you forfeiting your deposit. Otherwise, your deposit will be returned
in full.

### Payment

Payment can be made by cash, card, or bank transfer, to be agreed ahead of time.

For all overnight pet sittings, I require full payment at least 48 hours in
advance of the start of the sitting unless otherwise agreed.

For all other bookings, I require full payment before or on arrival.
